com/example/campusconnect/Ousers.java
 com.example.campusconnect.Ousers
com/example/campusconnect/DatabaseHelper.java
 com.example.campusconnect.DatabaseHelper
com/example/campusconnect/StudentDashAdapter.java
 com.example.campusconnect.StudentDashAdapter
 com.example.campusconnect.StudentDashAdapter$ViewHolder
com/example/campusconnect/Signin.java
 com.example.campusconnect.Signin
 com.example.campusconnect.Signin$1
com/example/campusconnect/addNewCourse.java
 com.example.campusconnect.addNewCourse
 com.example.campusconnect.addNewCourse$1
com/example/campusconnect/BuildConfig.java
 com.example.campusconnect.BuildConfig
com/example/campusconnect/EditUser.java
 com.example.campusconnect.EditUser
 com.example.campusconnect.EditUser$1
com/example/campusconnect/FacultyDashAdapter.java
 com.example.campusconnect.FacultyDashAdapter
 com.example.campusconnect.FacultyDashAdapter$ViewHolder
com/example/campusconnect/CourseDashboard.java
 com.example.campusconnect.CourseDashboard
 com.example.campusconnect.CourseDashboard$1
 com.example.campusconnect.CourseDashboard$2
com/example/campusconnect/Oothers.java
 com.example.campusconnect.Oothers
com/example/campusconnect/Approval.java
 com.example.campusconnect.Approval
com/example/campusconnect/AdminLogin.java
 com.example.campusconnect.AdminLogin
 com.example.campusconnect.AdminLogin$1
com/example/campusconnect/UserCourseReg.java
 com.example.campusconnect.UserCourseReg
 com.example.campusconnect.UserCourseReg$1
com/example/campusconnect/FacultyDashboard.java
 com.example.campusconnect.FacultyDashboard
 com.example.campusconnect.FacultyDashboard$1
 com.example.campusconnect.FacultyDashboard$2
 com.example.campusconnect.FacultyDashboard$3
 com.example.campusconnect.FacultyDashboard$4
com/example/campusconnect/UcoursesAdapter.java
 com.example.campusconnect.UcoursesAdapter
 com.example.campusconnect.UcoursesAdapter$1
 com.example.campusconnect.UcoursesAdapter$2
 com.example.campusconnect.UcoursesAdapter$ViewHolder
com/example/campusconnect/OCourses.java
 com.example.campusconnect.OCourses
com/example/campusconnect/AdminDashAdapter.java
 com.example.campusconnect.AdminDashAdapter
 com.example.campusconnect.AdminDashAdapter$1
 com.example.campusconnect.AdminDashAdapter$2
 com.example.campusconnect.AdminDashAdapter$3
 com.example.campusconnect.AdminDashAdapter$4
 com.example.campusconnect.AdminDashAdapter$5
 com.example.campusconnect.AdminDashAdapter$6
 com.example.campusconnect.AdminDashAdapter$ViewHolder
com/example/campusconnect/Adannounce.java
 com.example.campusconnect.Adannounce
 com.example.campusconnect.Adannounce$1
com/example/campusconnect/StudentDashBoard.java
 com.example.campusconnect.StudentDashBoard
 com.example.campusconnect.StudentDashBoard$1
 com.example.campusconnect.StudentDashBoard$2
 com.example.campusconnect.StudentDashBoard$3
 com.example.campusconnect.StudentDashBoard$4
com/example/campusconnect/AdminDashboard.java
 com.example.campusconnect.AdminDashboard
 com.example.campusconnect.AdminDashboard$1
 com.example.campusconnect.AdminDashboard$2
 com.example.campusconnect.AdminDashboard$3
 com.example.campusconnect.AdminDashboard$4
com/example/campusconnect/CurrentCourse.java
 com.example.campusconnect.CurrentCourse
com/example/campusconnect/Oadmin.java
 com.example.campusconnect.Oadmin
com/example/campusconnect/StudentsendMessage.java
 com.example.campusconnect.StudentsendMessage
 com.example.campusconnect.StudentsendMessage$1
com/example/campusconnect/CurrentUser.java
 com.example.campusconnect.CurrentUser
com/example/campusconnect/UploadMaterial.java
 com.example.campusconnect.UploadMaterial
 com.example.campusconnect.UploadMaterial$1
com/example/campusconnect/MainActivity.java
 com.example.campusconnect.MainActivity
 com.example.campusconnect.MainActivity$1
 com.example.campusconnect.MainActivity$2
